private link guide (#515)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/secure-connections.adoc

image::azure_privatelink_03_browser_bloom_over_vpn.png["Accessing Browser and Bloom over a VPN", title="Accessing Browser and Bloom over a VPN"]

> ==== Enabling Azure Private Endpoints for Aura

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Enable Azure Private Endpoints for Aura
```
For consistency ;)

. To enable private endpoints using Azure Private Link:

> .. Go to the sidebar menu in the Aura console, then select *Security > Network Access > Network Access*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. From the sidebar menu in the Aura console, select *Security > Network Access > Network Access*
```

.. Select *New network access configuration* and follow the setup instructions.

. Configure Network Access in the Aura console
.. Select your product from the available options.

> .. Select the appropriate region for your deployment. (Azure Private Link will apply to all instances in the region.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select the appropriate region for your deployment. (Azure Private Link applies to all instances in the region.)
```

.. Enter the *Target Azure Subscription IDs*.
.. Select *Enable Private Link*. 

. Obtain a Private Link service name
.. After enabling Private Link, you receive a Private Link service name in the Aura console.
.. Copy this service name, you need it in the next step.

. Create Private Link endpoint in the Azure portal
.. Log in to your Azure portal.
.. Navigate to your cloud VPC and create a new Private Link endpoint.

> .. Use the Private Link service name obtained in the step 3 for the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Use the Private Link service name obtained in step three for the configuration.
```

image::azure_privatelink_03_browser_bloom_over_vpn.png["Accessing Browser and Bloom over a VPN", title="Accessing Browser and Bloom over a VPN"]

> ==== Enabling Azure private endpoints step-by-step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Enable Azure private endpoints
```

To enable private endpoints using Azure Private Link:

. Select *Network Access* from the sidebar menu of the Console.
. Select *New network access configuration* and follow the setup instructions.

*Configure Network Access*

> . Choose your product from the available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your product from the available options.
```

. Select the appropriate region for your deployment.
. Enter the "Target Azure Subscription ID" where you want to enable PrivateLink.
. Enable PrivateLink by toggling the respective option.

*Obtain PrivateLink Service Name*

> . After enabling PrivateLink, you will receive a PrivateLink service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After enabling PrivateLink, you receive a PrivateLink service name.
```

. Copy this service name and save it for later use.

*Create PrivateLink Endpoint in the Azure portal*

. Log in to your Azure portal.
. Navigate to your cloud VPC and create a new PrivateLink endpoint.
. Use the PrivateLink service name obtained in the previous step for the configuration.

*Accept Endpoint in Aura Console*

> . Return to the Aura Virtual Dedicated Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Return to the Aura Console.
```
The console is the console, right? VDC is a tier. Unsure of the terminology here.

. Check for the newly created PrivateLink endpoint.
. Accept the endpoint to complete the connection process.

*Disable Public Traffic*

. Before disabling public traffic, test all your application connectivity with PrivateLink to ensure everything is functioning correctly.
. Once verified, you can disable public traffic by toggling off the public access option.

> . Note: You can always disable public traffic later if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Note: If needed, you can postpone disabling public traffic.
```

*Monitor PrivateLink Status*

> . You can monitor the status of your PrivateLink configuration on the Aura Virtual Dedicated Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can monitor the status of your PrivateLink configuration in the Aura Console.
```
